hello boys and girls this video is
just a very fast video in which them
I make a depth network
all vico ii green products from
coop that I've tried are so many
I want to tell you one
what I have already recorded some video
some time ago they tell me they are me
remembered with the computer format
then prune priest content john
where by different but fortunately
this time on my phone two or three
saved videos
remember between the store if anyone
some product remembers it in
specific precisely because of some
second, however, was the sense
the impression you see all these
products that are fantastic inexpensive
organic natural bio is one thing however
people did but the heart that
took the griso league
the average from the coins I said I heard
take this 20 please take this
take this sell please repent
let's dress the ema body of the usual ones
I prefer the lands of green one euro in
more from something natural I wanted
just tell the kids they were taking
the beautiful or the johnson in the cart
so the game roma lissimo therefore
let's not lose ourselves, let's start immediately
with the product network I begin
to be able to produce milk sodals
mild detergent that I tried and is
fantastic and kind the leocrema la
consistency leaves no white trail
fortunately the surname
you can feel it all face
smooth curious nice thing more beautiful than
could the cup do
and this the line then I remember that
includes the tonic that I politically
I use it after I removed blackheads because
maybe they are worth the crusts remain
the Christmas volleys of these rometti e
it dries up and hypotheses close quickly
Mom will buy the wipes
make-up removers that I don't know how to find
therefore to drink after of lotito
then there is the dehydrating cream I have
bought the little packaging because
the big one was finished but the face is
finished because someone bought it is
however you want the many fantasies I wanted
customer I have not tried it I bought with
horrible revitalizing for the day
because I used that of Libya not
I know if you've seen with skill
of the man who puts on this cream and is
suddenly young
I think of the abe magazine which is a
valid product bathroom are the champs the
it costs 249 side the shower gel is the soap
liquid costs around 2 euros
guys are really beautiful products
the shampoo and the day you were
it looks like the consistency with gold
johnson like that of the strike
giorgio then there is a scream with poor
so many that it looks like the hard blow
what we did at home with the icici and which
similar however I am here crumble that
damage to the skin
then polished the cocoa butter that
still the video you see the video is in
crises are grateful stoves
feel like reading without mineral oils
bar drinking silicones here aroused this
media boss as a daily treatment
for lips and exposed to agents
external munari work of record e
tight chamomile tea at the videogame of
game
two young men perform intense action
protective and leaves many tevere used
found in this tag is a lot
nice but it is difficult to remove e
capitals I like these boxes though
must be made with this diamond
cute value dinner title the fall
but charity does not smell but not
provided by the beautiful 33 mozzarella st
just the same
however these defense and 300 porous rom
abruptly greetings however forgot to
tell you about the hydrating train
positive
and then it is a group to see twice at
test is really successful with a quantity
industrial of this we create having it
seen on the hands so many missions
part the white sleeves received one
saleswoman and told us look at clouds
very little admitted work under one
Swiss small smeared dries
for a moment
so guys this is the thing that i do
like more
you enjoy it because it is very small like
substances pack is 50 ml fifty
or a hundred depends which one we want to buy
one hundred and fifty because I always put it in
run the folder of the fantastic with
we see craxi at the next video and then
a special greeting
Hello